FAQ about MS SQL
SQL Server is designed for functionality. Whether you’re interested in using SQL Server for integration services, data analysis, or even machine learning applications, Udemy has a variety of courses to show you how it’s done.

Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management software that both stores and retrieves data that is requested by other applications. Whether you’re managing data for applications on your personal computer, or across a wide network of connected devices, SQL Server is a scalable and dynamic alternative to Oracle Database.

MS-SQL
SQL isn’t just for software engineers and system administrators. SQL also helps business analysts gain important insights into new marketplaces and make more informed strategic decisions. SQL instructors on Udemy have experience with all levels and applications of SQL programming.

SQL is a special-purpose programming language used for the interaction and manipulation of data in relational databases. In DZone’s 2019 Guide to Databases, 98% of developer survey respondents said their organizations use relational databases regularly, which frequently rely on SQL to query the data. With Udemy courses on SQL, you can learn one of the most in-demand skills for professions ranging from product managers to marketers to software engineers.

What is SQL and how is it used?
SQL stands for Structured Query Language. It is a language used to manage data in a relational database. It allows you to query, manipulate, and define the data in a relational database. It has become a standard language, which means that the language the database uses will be based on SQL despite which relational database you use. This makes it a very versatile language and an important skill to have if you work with databases or data. The language closely resembles English, making it easy for English-speakers to learn and read at a glance, even for a beginner. Statements consist of clauses, identifiers, operators, and constants. Together, you can create statements such as “SELECT customer_name FROM Purchase_Table WHERE order_number = 253”. The resulting statement is structured so a computer can read, yet also easy for English-speakers with little programming

What job use sql?
Many career paths benefit from understanding SQL. Almost any industry that uses data can benefit from someone that specializes in relational databases. Some jobs specifically focus on working with a database, such as a Database Manager or Database Developer role. However, more and more jobs that do not solely concentrate on database maintenance require knowledge of SQL. Mostly all websites and applications use a database, so various developer positions require knowledge of SQL. Similarly, careers that involve working with data require skills in SQL. These careers can include Data Scientists, Database Developer, DB Admins, Business Analysts, Data Analysts, Big Data Experts, and Big Data Architects. Occupations that involve a database are growing. As the amount of data we collect increases, careers around the management, analysis.

What is sql injection?
SQL injection is a common hacking technique. It uses SQL commands to manipulate a database. It can occur when an application has been poorly developed and allows a user to insert information directly into a database. For example, if you ask a user to submit their name, a hacker can type in a SQL command instead. If that command directly executes against the database of the application an injection attack has occurred. For a database, a command is a command and it cannot determine whether a command is from a valid user or not. Because this is a common threat, it is easy to prevent. A golden rule of database management is to never input user data directly into the database. Many programming languages will have a function that checks for SQL injections. So, it is pretty easy to guard yourself against an SQL injection attack.

How long does it take to learn SQL?
You should expect to learn the basics of the language in less than a month, or even as little as 2 weeks, if you are dedicated. But to be comfortable and perform non-trivial operations, it takes a few months to get your bearings in SQL. Because SQL is close to the English language, it is not very difficult to read, write, and understand if you're familiar with the English language. Even if you have no programming background, you should be able to learn SQL quickly. It does take a lot of practice to become a good SQL developer. Reading and writing SQL is just one component of being a SQL programmer. It is even more important to know how to structure data and manage relationships between tables. You need a deep understanding of relational databases to create a data structure that will work well with the type of data you have gathered.
What is the best SQL certification?
You don’t need a certification to get a job working with SQL, but it can help you stand out in the crowd. The certification you choose will depend on your career goals. If you know that you will be working with a specific database, working on a certification for that specific area could give you an advantage. Most of the SQL language is cross-compatible across all relational database platforms so if you have done enough practice in one of them, learning for another one will be fairly quick and easy.
What is the best way to learn SQL?
Because SQL is so similar to the English language, it is pretty easy to learn on your own. You can learn it quickly by going through online tutorials that teach the syntax and keywords in the language. But, to get good at SQL, you will want to practice and work with data regularly. Therefore, some people may find it easier to learn by following a tutorial, taking a course, or getting a certification. These methods often provide structured exercises and/or assignments, which allow you to practice the skills you are learning. This type of experience will help you to progress faster.
What is a relational database?

A relational database is a type of database that stores data that is organized in structures called tables and these tables are related to one another through defined relationships. Each table has columns and rows. Columns represent attributes and define a structure to the data. Each row is a record of information stored in the table. The relationships between tables are defined by assigning certain columns as foreign and primary keys. For example, a vehicle table might contain the VIN number as a primary key since that uniquely identifies each record of information about a car. There may be another table in the database called dealerships. The data can be structured in such a way that each car belongs to some dealership. The relationship between these 2 tables can be organized by having the dealership’s key in the vehicles table.

What are the most common forms of SQL and how do they differ?

There are many forms of SQL, but PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL, and MySQL are the three most widely used. Although each of these forms is an implementation of SQL, their standards were set by different organizations. PostgreSQL and MySQL are both open-source platforms maintained by a wide community of developers, while Microsoft develops Microsoft SQL. Syntactically, they can differ regarding whether they require case sensitivity, whether they use single quotes or double quotes, and what functions they support. As an example, Microsoft SQL server uses GETDATE(), MySQL uses CURDATE(), and PostgreSQL uses CURRENT_DATE(). They also differ in languages supported; MySQL supports languages that PostgreSQL and Microsoft SQL don't, such as Haskell and Ruby. As Microsoft SQL is proprietary, it costs money to license.